README.md, before:

# FOSDEM 2017 - Backup and Disaster Recovery Devroom Call for Participation

**Please forward to any project or individual that might be interested in
participating in this devroom!**

[FOSDEM 2017](https://fosdem.org/2017/) is the Free and Open source Software Developers’ European Meeting, 
a free and non-commercial two-day weekend event that offers open source 
contributors a place to meet, share ideas and collaborate.

The _"Backup and Disaster Recovery"_ Devroom will take for the very first 
time place on **Saturday 4 February, 2017** at FOSDEM, at Université Libre 
de Bruxelles, in Brussels, Belgium.


The devroom is currently looking for content in the form of talks and 
activities related to the area of Open Source Backup and Disaster Recovery.
However, we will not accept talks around commercial solutions!
Possible topics include, but are not limited to:

 - project introductory and status update talks, demos
 - best practices and learning from mistakes
 - trends and challenges
 - short workshops


The talks in the Backup and Disaster Recovery devroom will probably be audio 
and video recorded, and possibly streamed live too. By submitting a proposal 
you consent to be recorded and agree to license the content of your talk 
under a Creative Commons (CC-BY) license.

Submissions may be in the form of 20-50 minute talks, or workshops of maximum
110 minutes. We will also have 5 minutes for Q&A after each session, and 
5 minutes for speaker switching/prep in between. (Feel free to ask if 
you want to have a longer or a shorter slot.)

## Dates

 - Submission Deadline: 2th Dec 2016
 - Acceptance Notification: 9th Dec 2016
 - Final Schedule Posted: 11th Dec 2016


## How to submit

Please use the [Pentabarf](https://penta.fosdem.org/submission/FOSDEM17)
system to submit your proposals.

And, follow the following rules (**READ CAREFULLY**):

     * If you do not have an account yet create one, if you have submitted
       a talk in one of the previous years re-use your old account.

     * Select as the Track "Backup and Disaster Recovery devroom".

     * Select as the Event Type "Lecture" or "Workshop"

     * Include a Event Title.  (Note that "Subtitle" entry doesn't appear on
       all conference documents, so make sure "Title" can stand on its
       own without "Subtitle" present.)

     * Include an Abstract of about 500 characters and a full description
       of any length you wish, but in both fields, please be concise, but
       clear and descriptive.

     * Indicate whether you seek a 25, or 55 minute slot. For a workshop 
       maximum 115 minutes. We need 5 minutes between the sessions to
       prepare the next speaker.

     * Use the "Links" sub-area to your past work in the field you'd like
       to share.

     * You are encouraged to enter biographic information under the
       "Person" section (e.g. you may upload an image, enter your
       background in the "Description" tab, and sites of interest
       under the "Links" tab).

     * Affirmative confirmation that you agree to CC-By-SA-4.0 or
       Cc-By-4.0 licensing of your talk, in the "Submission Notes"
       field.  Add a statement such as this:

         "Should my presentation be scheduled for FOSDEM 2017, I hereby
          agree to license all recordings, slides and any other
          materials presented under the Creative Commons Attribution
          Share-Alike 4.0 International license.  Sincerely, s/YOUR_NAME/"

     * Also, in the "Submission notes" field, please confirm that if your talk 
       is accepted, you *will* be able to attend FOSDEM and deliver your 
       presentation. We will not consider proposals from prospective speakers 
       who are unsure whether they will be able to secure funds for travel and 
       lodging to attend FOSDEM. (Sadly, we are not able to offer travel 
       funding for prospective speakers.)


     * Last but not least, make sure you have up to date contact info.

## Call for Volunteers

We are also looking for volunteers to help run the devroom. We need
assistance watching time for the speakers, and helping with video for the
devroom. Please contact Gratien D'haese (gratien.dhaese at gmail.com)
for more information.

Commit message:

add the room to our page

README.md, after:

# FOSDEM 2017 - Backup and Disaster Recovery Devroom Call for Participation

**Please forward to any project or individual that might be interested in
participating in this devroom!**

[FOSDEM 2017](https://fosdem.org/2017/) is the Free and Open source Software Developers’ European Meeting, 
a free and non-commercial two-day weekend event that offers open source 
contributors a place to meet, share ideas and collaborate.

The _"Backup and Disaster Recovery"_ Devroom will take for the very first 
time place on **Saturday 4 February, 2017** at FOSDEM, at Université Libre 
de Bruxelles, in Brussels, Belgium. The room allocated to us is **AW1.121**
and has a capacity for 82 people.


The devroom is currently looking for content in the form of talks and 
activities related to the area of Open Source Backup and Disaster Recovery.
However, we will not accept talks around commercial solutions!
Possible topics include, but are not limited to:

 - project introductory and status update talks, demos
 - best practices and learning from mistakes
 - trends and challenges
 - short workshops


The talks in the Backup and Disaster Recovery devroom will probably be audio 
and video recorded, and possibly streamed live too. By submitting a proposal 
you consent to be recorded and agree to license the content of your talk 
under a Creative Commons (CC-BY) license.

Submissions may be in the form of 20-50 minute talks, or workshops of maximum
110 minutes. We will also have 5 minutes for Q&A after each session, and 
5 minutes for speaker switching/prep in between. (Feel free to ask if 
you want to have a longer or a shorter slot.)

## Dates

 - Submission Deadline: 2th Dec 2016
 - Acceptance Notification: 9th Dec 2016
 - Final Schedule Posted: 11th Dec 2016


## How to submit

Please use the [Pentabarf (https://penta.fosdem.org/submission/FOSDEM17)](https://penta.fosdem.org/submission/FOSDEM17)
system to submit your proposals.

And, follow the following rules (**READ CAREFULLY**):

     * If you do not have an account yet create one, if you have submitted
       a talk in one of the previous years re-use your old account.

     * Select as the Track "Backup and Disaster Recovery devroom".

     * Select as the Event Type "Lecture" or "Workshop"

     * Include a Event Title.  (Note that "Subtitle" entry doesn't appear on
       all conference documents, so make sure "Title" can stand on its
       own without "Subtitle" present.)

     * Include an Abstract of about 500 characters and a full description
       of any length you wish, but in both fields, please be concise, but
       clear and descriptive.

     * Indicate whether you seek a 25, or 55 minute slot. For a workshop 
       maximum 115 minutes. We need 5 minutes between the sessions to
       prepare the next speaker.

     * Use the "Links" sub-area to your past work in the field you'd like
       to share.

     * You are encouraged to enter biographic information under the
       "Person" section (e.g. you may upload an image, enter your
       background in the "Description" tab, and sites of interest
       under the "Links" tab).

     * Affirmative confirmation that you agree to CC-By-SA-4.0 or
       Cc-By-4.0 licensing of your talk, in the "Submission Notes"
       field.  Add a statement such as this:

         "Should my presentation be scheduled for FOSDEM 2017, I hereby
          agree to license all recordings, slides and any other
          materials presented under the Creative Commons Attribution
          Share-Alike 4.0 International license.  Sincerely, s/YOUR_NAME/"

     * Also, in the "Submission notes" field, please confirm that if your talk 
       is accepted, you *will* be able to attend FOSDEM and deliver your 
       presentation. We will not consider proposals from prospective speakers 
       who are unsure whether they will be able to secure funds for travel and 
       lodging to attend FOSDEM. (Sadly, we are not able to offer travel 
       funding for prospective speakers.)


     * Last but not least, make sure you have up to date contact info.

## Call for Volunteers

We are also looking for volunteers to help run the devroom. We need
assistance watching time for the speakers, and helping with video for the
devroom. Please contact Gratien D'haese (gratien.dhaese at gmail.com)
for more information.
